README_human.md, before:

# Transcriptomics Workflow

Instructions to take raw transcriptomics reads and progress to a counts file that can be used in `R` packages for statistical analysis of differential expression.

To follow this tutorial you will need to have some basic familiarity with working in a unix-like environment.  An excellent place to start would be to attend a [software carpentry](http://software-carpentry.org/) or [data carpentry](http://www.datacarpentry.org/) workshop, or complete the [Unix bootcamp](
http://rik.smith-unna.com/command_line_bootcamp/?id=9xnbkx6eaof).  The VLSCI also have several tutorials for [working with unix and/or a HPC environment](http://vlsci.github.io/lscc_docs/tutorials/)

## Connect to analysis server
This will usually mean opening a terminal and using `ssh` to connect. The general format of this command is;

```bash
	ssh username@my.hpc.server.edu.au
```

## Downloading the human genome
This step will be important when using the HISAT program to align the RNAseq reads onto the genome. This step will use the `wget` command, which allows the user to download particular files from the web. The general format of this command is:

	```bash
		wget http://website.come/files
	```
To download a version of the *human genome* with HiSat2 indexes, enter the following command into the terminal on HPC

	```bash
		wget ftp://ftp.ccb.jhu.edu/pub/infphilo/hisat2/data/grch38.tar.gz
	```

Commit message:

Add section about scp command

README_human.md, after:

# Transcriptomics Workflow

Instructions to take raw transcriptomics reads and progress to a counts file that can be used in `R` packages for statistical analysis of differential expression.

To follow this tutorial you will need to have some basic familiarity with working in a unix-like environment.  An excellent place to start would be to attend a [software carpentry](http://software-carpentry.org/) or [data carpentry](http://www.datacarpentry.org/) workshop, or complete the [Unix bootcamp](
http://rik.smith-unna.com/command_line_bootcamp/?id=9xnbkx6eaof).  The VLSCI also have several tutorials for [working with unix and/or a HPC environment](http://vlsci.github.io/lscc_docs/tutorials/)

## Connect to analysis server
This will usually mean opening a terminal and using `ssh` to connect. The general format of this command is;

```bash
	ssh username@my.hpc.server.edu.au
```
## Adding Files into a HPC terminal
To begin, drag the required files into a new terminal. A new terminal should appear on the screen.
The next step is to transfer the files from the new terminal into the HPC terminal. This step is completed using the 'secure copy' or `scp` command and is as follows:

```bash
	scp -r /path/to/the/data/ username@my.hpc.server.edu.au:~/
```

If you are unsure of the path to the data, use the `pwd` command in the terminal, as this will display the path to your current file/directory.
*Note the space either side of the `-r` and before the username*

## Downloading the human genome
This step will be important when using the HISAT program to align the RNAseq reads onto the genome. This step will use the `wget` command, which allows the user to download particular files from the web. The general format of this command is:

```bash
	wget http://website.come/files
```
To download a version of the *human genome* with HiSat2 indexes, enter the following command into the terminal on HPC

```bash
	wget ftp://ftp.ccb.jhu.edu/pub/infphilo/hisat2/data/grch38.tar.gz
```
